c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\botIRCClient.exe.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\botIRCClient.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\botIRCClient.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\Meebey.SmartIrc4net.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient.g.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\obj\Debug\botIRCClient.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\GoogleSearchAPI.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\Starksoft.Net.Proxy.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\GoogleSearchAPI.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\botIRCClient\botIRCClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
